"Hydrogen POPO hydrogen-rich water cup customer Q & A
Q: How to use the cup
answer:
1 Power on, long press the power button for 3 seconds
2 electrolysis time, default 5 minutes, automatically shut down after electrolysis is completed;
3 forced shutdown, power on state for a long time to open the key for 3 seconds, shut down;
4 mobile phone control, scan the bottom of the cup QR code to download hydrogen bubble APP, open the APP on the phone, connect the cup through the phone Bluetooth, you can control the cup light, electrolysis time, remind water and other functions;
5 new cups are best to use about 60 degrees of hot water, electrolysis 3-5 times, dumped. It will be used normally in the future;
6 Drinking water recommendation: use about 60 degrees of water, drink a cup of water in the morning and then drink it twice, 1 to 2 cups of electrolysis in the morning, 1-2 cups of electrolysis in the afternoon, and 1 cup of electrolysis twice before going to bed at night. Drinking in this way for 10 days will have a better effect. After electrolysis, it is best to finish in 20 minutes.

Q: Why is there water in the newly opened cup?
A: The water in the cup is the antibacterial water added during assembly in the factory. It is used to wet the electrolyte sheet and separate the ion membrane from hydrogen and oxygen. It activates and maintains the activity of the ion membrane, so that the user can get a good result after getting the cup. Hydrogen production effect. When using it for the first time, remove the silicone plug and pour it off.

Q: How do I open the cup for the first time?
A: Use the cup for the first time, take the silicone plug in the cup, and pour out the antibacterial water in the crater. If there is no electricity, start charging. When charging, the button will display red. When it is full, the button will display green. When fully charged, it will be Into the hot water of about 60 °, electrolytically dumped, so repeated 3-5 times, you can use it normally.


Q: Can the cup use hot water?
A: Hot water can be used in the cup, but hot water is not recommended. If you use hot water that has just been boiled, you need to let it cool after drinking hydrogen, and this waiting time will cause hydrogen to be lost. Therefore, it is most suitable to produce hydrogen with hot water of about 60°, and the drinking effect is best within 20 minutes after hydrogen production.


Q: How do I turn the phone off?
A: Long press the key for 3-5 seconds, you can turn it on and off.

Q: Where can the app connect to Bluetooth?
A: There is a Bluetooth setting in the lower left of the app interface. You can connect to Bluetooth when you click in. Remember to open the phone Bluetooth first.

Q: How do I set the hydrogen production time?
A: When the app is not used, the cup is electrolyzed for 5 minutes by default; when it is controlled by the app, it can be adjusted at 0-20min.

Q: How is the silicone plug used?
A: The silicone plug needs to be removed when it is used. When the cup is opened for the first time, some water will be seen in the middle. This is to moisten the DuPont diaphragm. So you need to open the cup and take the silicone plug. If it is not used for a long time, pour some water and cover it with a silicone plug. Keep the cup active and prevent dust from falling in.

Q: Why is there a strange smell in the newly opened cup?
A: After the packaging and plastic packaging, the air in the packaging box is difficult to flow, which causes the smell of the plastic sealing bag to enter the cup, which does not hinder the use. Soak the electrolysis with hot water of about 60°, and open the cup for a while in a well-ventilated place. Just fine.

Q: Can the water cup be cleaned with a water dispenser descaling agent?
A: We recommend that you wash with water and use a lemon slice to make a bubble. Because the descaling agent is a medium-strong acid, it will corrode the electrolytic sheet of the cup and is not recommended.

Q: Why are there so few bubbles in hydrogen production in the cup?
Answer: This product uses DuPont ionizing membrane. It needs to be immersed to enhance its permeability and conductivity (ie, activate the ion membrane). The longer the soaking time, the stronger the conductivity and permeability of the ion membrane. The amount of hydrogen produced is greater. More use will get better and better.

Q: What kind of water is used to electrolyze the cup?
A: Hydrogen POPO hydrogen-rich water cup can be used for electrolysis and drinking water directly. Drinking water directly, that is, the water we usually drink. Including boiled tap water, purified water, mineral water. Boiled well water, mountain spring water, etc.

Q: What charging head is used?
A: Ordinary USB charging head, 5V=1A, 5V=2A, can be
   Flash charging head (5v = 3A, 5V = 4A) is not working!
 
Q: How do I have no scene lights after opening the cup?
A: After the power is turned on, the cup inner light and the switch light will change by default. In the power on state, short press the key for 1 second to turn off or turn on the inner breathing light.
Some consumers turn on the critical time for too long when they turn on the power, or the fingers shake when they press, causing the intelligent system to think that the user has pressed the button once and closed the inner light. If the inside light of the cup does not light, please try to press the key for 1 second. If you want to turn it off, just press the key for 1 second.

Q: Why did the cup I just bought have water drops?
A: Tips: Before the delivery, the factory will test and pass the test. The silicone plug inside is originally locked with the antibacterial water in the hydrogen outlet, because the ion membrane of the hydrogen generator needs to be kept moist. The courier shook the silicone plug during the rough transportation, causing the sterile water from the hydrogen outlet to spill into the cup. All products are brand new, so feel free to use them.

Q: How long is the life of the cup? How long is the warranty?
A: The service life of the cup is three to five years. The non-human damage is guaranteed for one year. The man-made damage is not guaranteed. However, the maintenance fee can be exempted, and the customer must bear the price of the return shipping and product replacement parts.

Q: How to deal with odor?
A: After long-term use, there may be an odor in the hydrogen generating part of the main engine. At this point, you can pour 60-80 °C hot water into the bottle, soak the lemon slices, let stand for 5 minutes, then pour off the water, then remove the odor and use again.

Q: How can I keep it?
A: After each use, please cover the cup to prevent foreign matter. When carrying the product, please check the host switch and it must be kept off. Do not place the product in a harsh environment such as high temperature, cold or corrosion.

Q: How often does the cup clean and what is used for cleaning?
A: It is recommended to wash every day and wash it with water. If there is any smell, you can soak it with lemon slices for several hours and pour it off.

Q: Do you need water in the cup when charging?
A: No, it doesn't matter if there is no water in the cup.

Q: Why does the lid of the cup spray a small drop of water when hydrogen is produced?
A: The bubble is the excess gas inside the cup, which prevents the cup part from being damaged when the pressure inside the cup is too high. The water droplets that popped out were because there was water in the mouth of the cup, and the water was blown out when it was exhausted.

Q: Will there be any side effects if you drink more hydrogen-rich water?
A: Hydrogen-rich water is water that is added to hydrogen. Hydrogen is non-toxic and harmless, meets national food safety standards, and water is the drinking water you usually drink. Therefore, hydrogen-rich water has no side effects on the body, please feel free to drink.

Q: Can patients drink hydrogen-rich water during medication?
A: Yes. Hydrogen-rich water can be used to deliver medicines. Hydrogen-rich water can improve the patient's immunity, help to adjust the body's discomfort, and can better and faster to promote patient recovery in combination with medication.

Q: Can I charge while producing hydrogen?
A: Charging will reduce battery life while charging hydrogen. When the cup button flashes red, stop hydrogen production and charge until the button lights up green.

Q: Is it good to make hydrogen water and drink it after a few hours?
A: It is recommended to drink within 20 minutes after hydrogen production. The movement of hydrogen molecules is very fast, and it will be lost over time. After a few hours of hydrogen-rich water, the hydrogen content is greatly reduced, and the effect is greatly reduced.

Q: Can the hydrogen-rich cup be placed in a high temperature environment? Such as in an outdoor car
A: The hydrogen-rich cup is an electronic product that cannot be exposed to high temperatures.

Q: What should I do if the cup is out of warranty?
A: Exceeding the warranty period, the customer must bear the cost of return shipping and replacement parts.

Q: What can be returned after the cup is purchased?
A: Our products can be returned within 7 days of arrival, without unpacking the outer packaging and without affecting the secondary sales.
Q: Can the cup be used to make hydrogen tea?
A: Yes, but the tea must be filtered. Frequently loading tea will have tea stains. It is recommended to clean the cup after each use.

Q: In the cold environment of zero temperature in winter, there is no air bubble after using it for a long time.
A: It is recommended to use the hot water of about 80 degrees Celsius for 15 minutes before turning it on."