"Common problems and explanations of hydrogen-rich water and hydrogen
Characteristics of hydrogen:
Hydrogen is the smallest relative molecular mass in the universe, fast in diffusion, strong in reducing, active and permeable.
The strongest substance. - from the periodic table of elements
Hydrogen has a selective antioxidant effect, which can penetrate cell membranes and reach mitochondria (other vitamin C,
E can't reach this point). - Ota Satoshi
Hydrogen is a physiologically inert gas, the best endogenous antioxidant substance (anaerobic bacteria in the intestinal flora of the body)
Metabolism produces large amounts of hydrogen). - Ota Satoshi
Hydrogen is extremely safe, since it was used in diving medicine 200 years ago, the safety of hydrogen in the human body,
In Japan, China, and the United States, hydrogen is listed as a food additive. - EU Food Additives List, Part 3, Part 5, Japanese Food Additives List No. 168, China National Standard, US FDA GRAS Certification


1. Is hydrogen safe for the human body?
A: Hydrogen is an endogenous gas. The metabolism of anaerobic bacteria in the intestinal flora of the body produces a large amount of hydrogen, and the gas exhaled and excluded by the human body contains hydrogen. Moreover, in 2014, the national standard officially confirmed that hydrogen meets the national food safety standards and can be used as a food additive. Therefore, hydrogen is very safe for the human body. ——GB31633-2014

2. Why can hydrogen diffuse into the body?
A: Because hydrogen is the smallest and lightest substance in the universe, it has a strong diffusion rate and permeability. ""Hydrogen"" is also the ""hydrogen molecule"". It is the smallest molecule in the universe. It enters the skin through diffusion. Any organ, tissue, mountain cell, and intracellular structure of the human body including mucosa, bone, blood-brain barrier, and mitochondria and nucleus. Therefore, hydrogen easily diffuses through the skin texture of the human body to the whole body tissue cells or through the intestinal tract, eliminating harmful oxygen free radicals in the human body. - ""Hydrogen Molecular Medicine"" Sun Xuejun

3. What are the anti-inflammatory effects of hydrogen?
A: Long-term drinking or bathing hydrogen water can alleviate chronic inflammation in the body, improve immunity and enhance disease resistance.
Force, less cold or fever, relieve symptoms of cold and fever. Including otitis media, gingivitis, chronic bronchitis, slow
Sexual pelvic inflammatory disease, rheumatoid arthritis, etc. - Multiple certifications from various research institutions, including the University of Pittsburgh

4. Does hydrogen have an effect on allergies?
A: The so-called allergic constitution is mostly due to the state of immune dysfunction caused by the environment and age.
Min is essentially a problem with the immune system. Long-term drinking or bathing hydrogen water can greatly alleviate contact skin
Allergic symptoms caused by inflammation, eczema, urticaria, allergic asthma, allergic rhinitis, etc. ——Yonsei University, Suichang Changshou Institute, Korea

5. What is the specific effect of adjusting blood pressure?
A: Many hypertensive patients drink or bathe hydrogen water for 3 months, blood pressure drops 20-30mmHg, insist on drinking
More than one year, blood pressure can be adjusted to normal levels, some patients gradually stop taking drugs, some triple drugs still can not be used
Patients who control blood pressure, drinking water for half a year, under the condition of constant medication, blood pressure can be gradually adjusted to normal
range. —— Research at the Second Military Medical University, Professor Sun Xuejun, Science Network, etc.

6. What are the benefits of hydrogen on the human body?
A: The biological value of hydrogen is very broad. The basic principle is that hydrogen is clearly defined by selective antioxidant action.
Harmful free radicals, including hydroxyl radicals and nitrite anions. Selective antioxidant effect specific table
Now it is beauty aging, anti-inflammatory, anti-allergic, anti-radiation, anti-fatigue, anti-cell mutation, anti-apoptosis,
Metabolic regulation, immune regulation, tissue repair. - Professor Sun Xuejun

7. Does hydrogen have clear evidence for anti-aging?
A: A study from Japan shows that centenarians have a very strong hydrogen production capacity of 59.4 ± 62.6 ppm.
It is more than three times that of ordinary healthy people, that is, endogenous hydrogen protects the health of long-lived elderly people and relieves aging. and also
A trial has shown that the lifespan of nematodes in hydrogen environments is extended several times. Long-term drinking water, comprehensive improvement
Kang level, significantly improve the symptoms of sub-health and prevent the occurrence of chronic diseases, less sick, especially chronic diseases,
To make people live longer. Professor Ota studied hydrogen for ten years and also drank hydrogen water for ten years.
The change is not difficult to understand the magical effect of hydrogen. ——Japan's hydrogen-rich water (water water) market survey, Professor Ota Satoshi

8. What are the experiences of healthy people drinking hydrogen-rich water?
A: First, the most obvious and fastest experience is anti-fatigue effect. Second, drinking hydrogen water combined with hydrogen
The water-based mask can significantly improve the skin tone and lighten various skin problems such as age spots and pigmentation; again,
The immunity is obviously improved, and the cold and fever will be significantly reduced. Even if the cold is caught, the symptoms will be significantly reduced;
Drinking can prevent a variety of diseases, including a variety of chronic diseases; long-term drinking can achieve perfect anti-aging effects. ——Teacher Ota, Professor

9. Is it safe for children to drink?
A: You can safely drink! At present, air pollution causes many children to lose immunity, drinking hydrogen-rich water can
To improve children's disease resistance, while preventing common health problems in modern children such as obesity.

10. Why does hydrogen only target harmful oxygen free radicals?
A: Because hydrogen has selective antioxidant effect, the human body inhales 60-70% of oxygen from the air every day.
The body reacts with glucose and lipids to produce energy and consumes 25-38% of oxygen excreted with the breath, while 2-5% of the oxygen is converted into harmful oxygen free radicals, so hydrogen is only selectively targeted to humans. 2-5% harmful oxygen free radicals in the body. ——Teacher Ota, Professor

11. Why does hydrogen solve the problem from the cells of the human body and vitamin C, E, etc. cannot do it?
A: This is because of the penetrability and strength of hydrogen molecules. Generally, high-density glass and plastic bags can penetrate, so hydrogen
Gas easily penetrates into the cell membrane through the skin, reaching the mitochondria, while vitamins C and E cannot penetrate the cell membrane. ——Physical and chemical properties of hydrogen molecules

12. How long does it take to have obvious effects?
A: This is different from person to person, because each person's body is not the same, so the absorption capacity is different.
For example, some people take a cold to take a feeling of health, and some people need to take a week to be effective.
Hydrogen water drinking, bathing, and spa treatments have the same effect on the human body. ——Japan's hydrogen-rich water (water water) market survey

13. What is hydrogen-rich water, can hydrogen be dissolved in water?
A: Hydrogen-rich water is water that dissolves hydrogen. We often say that a substance that is insoluble in water means that its dissolved amount in water is almost negligible, and academically hydrogen is usually only slightly soluble in water (but not insoluble in water everyday), and hydrogen saturation at one atmosphere. The concentration is 1.6 ppm (1600 ppb) and the solubility is slightly lower than oxygen. —— Hydrogen solubility table

14. What is the oxidation of the body?
A: Oxidation is reflected in all aspects of human health, including skin problems, cardiovascular and cerebrovascular problems, immune diseases, malignant tumors and aging. Long-term consumption of hydrogen-rich water can improve skin tone, skin texture, fade spots, age spots, etc. In Japan, fashion women are the largest consumer group of hydrogen-rich water. ——Japan's hydrogen-rich water (water-based water) market survey, the Shenyang Military Region General Hospital of the People's Liberation Army, etc.

15. In addition to drinking, is there any other use for hydrogen-rich water?
A: Hydrogen can penetrate directly into the skin. The simple method is to use a dry mask to extract hydrogen-rich water on the face before and after drinking. Long-term use can be very good anti-oxidant beauty effect; patients with chronic rhinitis can rinse the nasal cavity with hydrogen-rich water; dry eye and cataract Patients can wash their eyes with hydrogen-rich water. ——Laboratory of Ophthalmology and Visual Science, General Hospital of Chinese People's Liberation Army

 16. What are the aspects of metabolic regulation? Can you lose weight?
A: Drinking hydrogen-rich water can promote lipid metabolism, regulate blood pressure, and blood sugar, thereby reducing the complications of hypertension and alleviating metabolic syndrome. Experiments have shown that hydrogen promotes lipid metabolism by promoting secretion of FGF21 in the liver, which plays a role in weight loss. Many users feedback that they drink 3 bottles of hydrogen-rich water every day and lose 3-5 pounds a month. - Serbian exercise physiologist Sergej M. Ostojic

17. What are the specific effects of other metabolic diseases including diabetes and gout?
A: The improvement of diabetic complications is relatively fast. Generally, drinking hydrogen-rich water for one month, the complications begin to reduce or even disappear. About three months, blood sugar began to decline, and insisted on drinking for more than one year, and gradually reduced the medicine. There is also a clear effect on erectile dysfunction caused by diabetes. Gout patients generally drink gout no longer attack for about three months, and the blood uric acid value returns to normal levels from six months to one year. - Shimane University Faculty of Medicine, Japan, Third Military Medical University, etc.

18. What is the current situation of hydrogen research at home and abroad?
A: There are already 500 hydrogen papers published at home and abroad, of which domestic papers account for a quarter. At present, the diseases that have been experimentally validated and published in the treatment of hydrogen have therapeutic or ameliorating effects including metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes, rheumatoid arthritis, obesity, atherosclerosis, hangover, erectile dysfunction, etc. 60 A variety. - Quoted from Professor Sun Xuejun Science Network Blog

19. What crowd is suitable for drinking hydrogen-rich water?
A: Everyone is free to drink, especially white-collar workers, sub-healthy people, athletes, beauty lovers, pregnant women, and people with health and anti-aging needs. ——Japan's hydrogen-rich water (water water) market survey

20. What are the benefits for athletes?
A: Strenuous exercise produces a lot of oxygen free radicals in the body, leading to ""oxidative stress after exercise"", and hydrogen can effectively alleviate oxidative stress. Recent research shows that hydrogen-rich water can fight blood acidification caused by exercise, help athletes to increase their stamina and quickly restore their strength. Long-term drinking of athletes can improve the performance of the game. - Ostojic SM and Stojanovic MD, Stari DIF Sports Science and Health Center, Serbia

21. What are the benefits for pregnant women?
A: The anti-radiation effect of hydrogen can avoid fetal ionizing radiation damage; anti-cell mutation can protect the normal development of the fetus; immune regulation can prevent pregnant women from catching cold and fever; metabolic regulation can prevent gestational diabetes and hypertension; the effect of tissue repair can promote maternal postpartum recovery . In actual use, it has also been found that drinking hydrogen-rich water can significantly reduce the pregnancy response. ——Tongji University

22. How to drink hydrogen water to achieve the effect of health care?
A: Healthy people can get 8 cups a day according to their own economic conditions; sub-health, high blood pressure and other slow patient groups are more than 1.5 liters per day, and the effect of drinking more quickly and significantly. - Japanese market research and long-term medical clinical investigation

23. When is the best time to drink hydrogen-rich water during the day?
 A: Under normal circumstances, getting up in the morning, before lunch, before and after exercise, before drinking, before drinking, etc., the best drinking effect. ——Japan's hydrogen-rich water (water water) market survey

24. There is also a question of being a layman. Why don't people directly breathe hydrogen and drink hydrogen from this cup?
A: Clinically, there is a hydrogen breathing therapy device that directly absorbs hydrogen, but there is no way to popularize it. The first is that if hydrogen is present in the form of high-concentration gas, it is flammable and explosive, although it is certainly not dangerous to use the instrument. Consumers are more than amazed, and it is impossible to popularize such instruments from the point of view of safety. Any enterprise can not afford such risks. The second is that the hydrogen concentration and the hydrogen inhalation are not well controlled. Some users think that the effect is better and they will try to absorb hydrogen, which will be counterproductive. Considering safety, moderation, and easy accessibility, it is safer and more effective to use hydrogen-rich water daily. ——Physical and chemical properties of hydrogen molecules, market safety investigation of hydrogen-rich water (water-based water) in Japan

25. Will drinking water more easily make it easier to go to the toilet?
A: Yes. The hydrogen-rich water produced by hydrogen POPO electrolysis is a small molecule water, which has stronger penetrating power and accelerates the detoxification of the internal environment, so the excretion of urine and urine will increase. Moreover, the hydrogen-rich water itself is rich in hydrogen molecules, and the hydrogen molecules exert a selective anti-oxidation and anti-aging effect, eliminating the harmful active oxygen-generating water in the body and excreting the body. ——Physical and chemical properties of hydrogen molecules"